Clarify that '!=' is a supported policy operator (#15)
ucan-wg/delegation: README.md

``` mermaid
flowchart RL
    invoker((&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspDan&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp))

>     subject((&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspAlice&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp))

Reviewer: LOL I guess they changed their renderer. Thanks!

Many thanks to [Hugo Dias], [Mikael Rogers], and the entire DAG House team for the real world feedback, and finding inventive new use cases.

> Thank you to [Blaine Cook] for the real-world feedback, ideas on future features, and lessons from other auth standards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks to [Blaine Cook] for the real-world feedback, ideas on future features, and lessons from other auth standards.
```
nit nit
